# UCA - C Linux Viva
## Date - 9 / 9 / 2024
## Time - 8:30pm to 9:00pm IST
## Interviewer : Gaurav Sir

Greetings!

## Project
Sir asked for Project GitHub repo. (https://github.com/hsd1807/DeadLock-Guardian/tree/master)

Then said me to explain about the project, what it is, what does it do?

I mentioned that I used function pointers in it, then sir said me to show how and where?

Then sir asked about DeadLocks and what in Bankers Algorithm in general.
Then sir said me to show its implementation and explain it.

After that sir said to run it, then sir tested opted for random input mode in project and checked the calculations for various matrices displayed on the screen. (Sir didn't said me to put invalid input)

## Coding Question 1 : Set Matrix Zeros Using Bit Manipulation
Then sir shared Google docs and said to solve this problem using bit manipulation
https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/description/
First, sir said to explain algorithm.
Then, sir asked questions from implementation how are you using bits to store positions of zero, how 1 << does help you in it.


## Implement calloc using malloc in C
After this sir said to implement calloc using malloc in C

I did the implementation, then sir asked why I used a char pointer to do this implementation.

## Last Questions

Then last 5 minutes,
Sir asked how is UCA? Is it upto your expectations level?  How can we improve it? Do you have any questions from me or any other sir, for feedback for any sir in particular etc?
